README.md, before:

# Brand SDK - Apps Code Samples

Welcome to the Brand SDK Apps Code Samples repository! Here, you'll find a series of sample applications designed to help you get started with our SDK. Each sample app is tailored to demonstrate different use cases and functionalities of our platform, making it easier for you to understand and start building your own projects.

## What You'll Find Here

-   [**Hello World App**](https://github.com/Frontify/sdk-apps-code-examples/tree/main/examples/hello-world){:target="_blank"}: A basic introduction to our SDK. This app is pre-configured with our platform fonts, design system components, and styles.
-   [**Secure Third-Party Request**](https://github.com/Frontify/sdk-apps-code-examples/tree/main/examples/secure-third-party-request){:target="_blank"}: A sample app that demonstrates how to securely request third-party services using our SDK.
-   [**App with user state example**](https://github.com/Frontify/sdk-apps-code-examples/tree/main/examples/app-with-state){:target="_blank"}: A sample app that demonstrates how to use the userState.
-   [**App Settings Example**](https://github.com/Frontify/sdk-apps-code-examples/tree/main/examples/app-settings){:target="_blank"}: A simple example of a Hello World app using `settings.ts` to customize app behavior.
-   [**Bulk Action Surface**](https://github.com/Frontify/sdk-apps-code-examples/tree/main/examples/bulk-actions-app){:target="_blank"}: An App that shows how the Bulk Actions Surface can be used.

Each example is accompanied by detailed documentation and comments within the code to help you understand how to utilize our SDK effectively. Whether you're just getting started or looking to implement specific features, these samples will guide you through the process.

For detailed instructions and further information, please refer to the [documentation](https://developer.frontify.com/){:target="_blank"}.

We hope these examples help you build amazing applications with our SDK!

Commit message:

chore: Add asset Viewer app to global readme (#17)
* chore: add asset viewer line

* chore: reformat

README.md, after:

# Brand SDK - Apps Code Samples

Welcome to the Brand SDK Apps Code Samples repository! Here, you'll find a series of sample applications designed to help you get started with our SDK. Each sample app is tailored to demonstrate different use cases and functionalities of our platform, making it easier for you to understand and start building your own projects.

## What You'll Find Here

-   [**Hello World App**](https://github.com/Frontify/sdk-apps-code-examples/tree/main/examples/hello-world){:target="\_blank"}: A basic introduction to our SDK. This app is pre-configured with our platform fonts, design system components, and styles.
-   [**Secure Third-Party Request**](https://github.com/Frontify/sdk-apps-code-examples/tree/main/examples/secure-third-party-request){:target="\_blank"}: A sample app that demonstrates how to securely request third-party services using our SDK.
-   [**App with user state example**](https://github.com/Frontify/sdk-apps-code-examples/tree/main/examples/app-with-state){:target="\_blank"}: A sample app that demonstrates how to use the userState.
-   [**App Settings Example**](https://github.com/Frontify/sdk-apps-code-examples/tree/main/examples/app-settings){:target="\_blank"}: A simple example of a Hello World app using `settings.ts` to customize app behavior.
-   [**Bulk Action Surface**](https://github.com/Frontify/sdk-apps-code-examples/tree/main/examples/bulk-actions-app){:target="\_blank"}: An App that shows how the Bulk Actions Surface can be used.
-   [**Asset Viewer Surface Media Sharing**](https://github.com/Frontify/sdk-apps-code-examples/tree/main/examples/asset-viewer-social-media){:target="\_blank"}: An App that shows how to share images throuh the Asset Viewer Surface.

Each example is accompanied by detailed documentation and comments within the code to help you understand how to utilize our SDK effectively. Whether you're just getting started or looking to implement specific features, these samples will guide you through the process.

For detailed instructions and further information, please refer to the [documentation](https://developer.frontify.com/){:target="\_blank"}.

We hope these examples help you build amazing applications with our SDK!
